# Strategy Day - Part 2 - AI Driven Development Knowledge Sharing

  Meeting started: 5/12/2026, 5:26:17 PM
  Duration: 52 minutes
  Participants: Georgi Nikolov, Hatche Halil, Irina Ahamad, Ivo Stefanov, Sara Stamova

  [View original transcript](https://app.tactiq.io/api/2/u/m/r/8btqs919sbrISDQAvDi1?o=txt)

    

  

  
    ## Highlights

    > 01:39 Sara Stamova: alright, so good, for example, if you chat with him, instead can you can ask of course, for some information but you can try to make it to something because it always comes to Commentary integrated. The different data services with static. I wanted. To actually discussed we discussed exactly that. There is a lot of context, not being shared between different teams. So, one more example was that, for example, Jordan, it's really meticulous with having a opacline or getting customers. All the conversations they have with them having a summary of those conversations.
> 02:37 Sara Stamova: of writing some actions producing documents like Ndas oral types of documents
> 13:31 Sara Stamova: to you investors and then it started to send me a responsible on the email and things like this interview, you was something to keep in mindless that we as a company, we try to like university to it as much as possible because if you rely on the tour or an API, That he goes to expensive, that's an issue. We're so sometimes when they change their policy their issue and also some ideas especially in the acronym, He is a
> 19:35 Sara Stamova: this time, it will check this into this certain point to have some Something there is some ball that integrates with agents, giving them an account, not just like an API to lose and the grief is that. Now, you can assign
> 21:09 Sara Stamova: They died all that. I just Just see what happens. Yes. I actually do that. I sometimes leave for scoping exercise because they do have to extraction of 50 documents with Chandra and stuff like that and sometimes it asks me questions so I go grab a lunch. For example, my answer for my phone so that's really useful. Basically comments. clothing when their questions for you that are critical, you Because if you get those loops, especially if like, for PRS and status about the loop and just checking the To tell you juice this up, you know, you can do it because I'm using claw. It's really easy. You just need to stop, hold on your phone and you can directly to your accounts to the session that you're right. Okay. But then for customers like integration and it's integration, Also, you can integrate directly the ability of the agent to you a message. But so So, if they really administration based on educate an issue and see the radiation. So, yes, we write a comments in that.
> 23:42 Sara Stamova: And you can hook it on pre-commit. So now, whenever an agent commits, it's automatically That I Want to put it that I want to know you because It's just generates you correct stuff. And it's not some posters, if you Make a guitar like a good. Here to guarantee it was or anything like this. I think you should get before you commit operations committed assignments. Because once you figure,
> 27:35 Sara Stamova: But I depend on the work of the issue. Simulated you uploaded expensively, when you forget to work out profit. Yeah, if you go, I don't know. Yeah. But just I
> 29:53 Sara Stamova: And then you have written them tests. And understand other issues with testing as well. Most of us are generating the best. So it's if you it's better than it's like just doing for the moment, so, I mean, what could go wrong? Okay, same as fast. Now, I have summarize my impacts. most important things that need to happen in terms of us coming or AI
> 36:49 Sara Stamova: So focused more on the Yeah, basically. Unifying the information internally. So not on actually concrete process helping, but more like making sure that people have the right information and the agents have the right information. The way information is the agents But which agents? Over the agents for example when you're developing some kind of you're using a calling agents to generate some kind of feature, maybe it's useful to have the transcripts from the meetings with the client because he's describing that's understandable. According agents. And what other agencies the developer agents so, if we want to talk like into and the agent implementation first, we were using the discussed monument for like alignment after like, Before the implementation starts or more after the product requirements. And and maybe an implementation plan made by an agent, like the planner agents, Then you have the first space of agent iteration. So the implements, the reviewer agent reviews and once there, I feel the human review. So you hope that you have the top quality. So, let's I guess.
> 38:22 Sara Stamova: I can only important stuff going to the human review there, and you have to iterate based on the bad things automating a lot documentation. And this thing,
> 41:47 Sara Stamova: Instead of implementing, Okay? This is possible to be done, but that's another one. But the number two is I want if possible again also, if you start typing This is also Yeah, actually this is not in the cold base but there is an asana task which Vladimir is working, so maybe you should be talking to you. Yeah, actually with discuss this earlier, right, with this a little bit having cold
> 43:47 Sara Stamova: Yeah. Actually the idea of AWS in general was still to get the agents to more or less observed without a team operate and yeah like in the in the classification of EU as risk profile like more or less profiling each of the team members and
> 50:04 Irina Ahamad: Yes. So I'll be doing my graduation internship in September and I have to submit a project proposal engine. So I was still thinking about what should I do this
> 51:00 Sara Stamova: So, you No, actually, I I was thinking about that direction because I feel that I do. So what I was thinking and they like, also, he opened with idea is that we can build kilos pig. Oh, it's all the agents out with building in the instructional and then just you follow that context and much faster. That's a very good action item for all the teams. Yeah. And if we put also on the meeting notes in the in the context, then we can achieve much more faster development. I think that was no, I mean, I see that the one but I'm Yeah, I don't know how I really like to draw this. Some of the support. Yeah. I think it's I think it's quite simple or what I imagine because we have already standalone components and Everyone has that some extent but so, and that's important part, like globalizing the knowledge in the company, makes sense. So taking the information from the client, from the meetings in between the different people in the team

  ## Transcript

  00:00 Sara Stamova: like, Documentation. Google Drive. This is something that I think will optimize a lot to work forwards. It's all throughout integrate, but they're triggered. Oh yeah. Yeah, they're not the problem with this, but Yeah, everybody themselves. Can you hear guys? For online. You okay. Thank you.
00:31 Georgi Nikolov: Yeah.
00:32 Hatche Halil: Yes.
00:39 Sara Stamova: I can trigger myself. The rest is just other ideas from the mountain marketing. Like so leverage the Amazon, quick by integrating again, It's a good, for example, all of the notes from meetings with clients and be able to shut up assistant, which is all those notes because it's possible, thanks to be able to create whatever you need presentation and documents responses. Yeah, all these actions. so like a rock system, connecting the difference forces that we have so, like spark right, Yes. But also as an agent to which you said Do something for you.
01:39 Sara Stamova: alright, so good, for example, if you chat with him, instead can you can ask of course, for some information but you can try to make it to something because it always comes to Commentary integrated. The different data services with static. I wanted. To actually discussed we discussed exactly that. There is a lot of context, not being shared between different teams. So, one more example was that, for example, Jordan, it's really meticulous with having a opacline or getting customers. All the conversations they have with them having a summary of those conversations.
02:37 Sara Stamova: of writing some actions producing documents like Ndas oral types of documents
02:44 Sara Stamova: that graph might need And this information is one part of the company, right? This is the business side, but nobody from Tech is looking at help smalls, or endurance, G-drive sheet with all the summaries which I know about that. You don't know. another thing is for, I am the second step of the pipeline, so Jordan has warmed up. The leads that the potential customers then, what they need to do is to understand what their pain point is and try to build with some example fires, they share with me scenario and rapids is a nice presentation in HTML to show them. This is like Exercise.
03:28 Sara Stamova: So, during that phase, I also get Understanding a little bit better what their use cases. So this is kind of a prep POC understanding and actually, a lot of the contexts and business rules are also mentioned during those calls. So for example, I have the Tactiq ❤️ transcripts but you don't have so their silos, right? But we've been discussing that for example, Victor as the owner of Tactiq ❤️ I think, yes. Access to all the transcripts. So if we have something similar to Gemini knows because Gemini notes are not always being recorded enabled, Um also tactics is really nice because it works for different platforms. Like Microsoft Teams, Google Meets So if we have two that can get all those notes and put them in Google Drive and then Google Drive, also have the scoping files, the scoping exercise. So everything that's kind of a context for the whole deal.
04:36 Sara Stamova: In one place, then it's gonna be really easy. Then for the tech team to take over if they have questions, even if I'm not there. Because right now, what music happens? Alex comes to me, ask me a question, I need to check my answer, ask me that, I mean we've discussed this and go read about it. So this is really a bottleneck. Anyway, so Jordan has one information which has to do more commercial like what kind of some we can ask them how we can negotiate the price for the PUC based on how satisfied there.
05:09 Sara Stamova: Scoping. And then based on that, we can actually know what to do in the exact POC implementation and how to impress them. but also during the POC implementation then you have the context, that's implementing the technical parts and you have a lot of technical context and implementations that for example, Jordan doesn't understand So we need a way again to get all this technical information from here and transfer it in a way to more understandable language for Jordan to know what the limitations are, what we might face during for implementation because then they know, usually what they do is they ask us for the four implementation. We need to know how many parts of process, right? We need to be able to calculate how much time it's going to take people to implement it because this is costing companies sell amount of money, right? Also, how much money is going to cost for the LMS GPUs etc, etc.
06:12 Sara Stamova: So if we're, if we find one general way to collect all these different vectors of context from different departments in one place, I think some kind of agent like the one that you discussed would be really useful in here covers things. But maybe there's some options to enable the Google transcript Were only included through this the yes. So after that the building for the internal meetings, I think we have it. But for external people joined the code and they don't always use Google meetings. They use teams for example, What? You are not corporations. That have contracted Microsoft so it's more of a legacy kind of thing. Yeah, I understand this is a friction right here using. Yeah, it's not almost.
07:16 Sara Stamova: also another thing, in terms of getting people up to speed, for example, when I joined the company, I had really nice onboarding document created by Sara but to smoothly on the get to know the people more, the commercial side of that, much on the technical side, we don't have that. Parts of, for example here, discussed with Alex. And when it was the same documents, it was not that. I For example, there are some, you presentations of Victor presenting, create each of the repositories that they're supposed to get explaining, what? Yeah, each of the repository about and this is what To get over here. Yeah, there's some kind of videos of meetings that I think and if we generate Constitution, or if some of them already transcriptions, basically we have to just put it as a conflict of I haven't.
08:36 Sara Stamova: Because of this. Yes here. General.
08:48 Ivo Stefanov: See, if you had the RAG agent you would have known. Even we can make it send one interesting fact every Monday
08:48 Sara Stamova: Useful. Yes, it can be used for a context or we can say. Yeah, and we can make them as an agents, begin to the code development business that I just It is in. Yes. So if we combine everything that so far, all kinds of personal computers personal advice, personal systems. For example, we discovered that
09:32 Georgi Nikolov: What we gonna do when we automate work? Automate life?
09:39 Sara Stamova: there are three types of all, they think of them and being utilized in the company and on the North, the starting completely different places. If we agree. All the information that yes, we can have quite a good contents to create. A lot of internals that we can utilize for call development HR for example. Building code, for example, with that context, we can generate a personal onboarding for each of the people joining the company based on their because we are recording the interviews as well and everything. So we cannot do that. So we'll have more understanding of what kind of experience you want the person guests. And we can do, we can make agents. That's perfect.
10:34 Sara Stamova: You know, actually that's what it is a trend in nature as well. Based on what they have been hearing from different like sources each and I will be trying out one you too with no thank you but he demonizes the context it analyzes the meetings then gives you suggestions how to improve in the future. So if we have a meeting, let's say with evil, we discuss one thing during our second meeting.
11:10 Sara Stamova: These two is going to give me a reminder. What? We have been discussing the last time. What was the action items? And what I need to prepare for the next time? The community. Which conversations who really? Yes. And there was just before. Yes. No. It's some more source. Our models that we can integrate most of they can really run locally and Their publicly Bulgarian. So yeah.
11:43 Ivo Stefanov: Bone fires on beaches, they're really cool!
11:46 Sara Stamova: So it's something that we can integrate internally as well. So we have transcripts for all the Google meetings as well for example, so you can use the AI translation to generate in English. So now here is that from what our English course, The circus stories because if Tactiq ❤️ again from Jordan, I go to the negative feedback. The Tactiq ❤️ is somehow not good for the Microsoft teams meetings, that way things that on Microsoft.
12:35 Sara Stamova: Teams license In order to use the Microsoft reading the course. So probably he's using everything. But it's about Joel is utilizing some kind of iris not take agents that's going to join some meeting. There's another person joining the meeting as well. And yes this I want the slow meetings here. This is also using this but I think yeah, he did something good. This just people because They sending and sending everything.
13:31 Sara Stamova: to you investors and then it started to send me a responsible on the email and things like this interview, you was something to keep in mindless that we as a company, we try to like university to it as much as possible because if you rely on the tour or an API, That he goes to expensive, that's an issue. We're so sometimes when they change their policy their issue and also some ideas especially in the acronym, He is a
14:17 Sara Stamova: lot of good stops because like, they are going to something else or it was like, so, just In general because you have some control, you can talk, but in the systems like Yeah you should you you don't rely on Amazon system data and you do something extract, it takes place. But just same things from the side because we want to figure out the context that I find or something to compactly to make it stories to victory because it cannot just but just eating stairs like there, where he Migration. Which is just you.
15:51 Sara Stamova: So I think that something we don't do a lot. I don't think I please don't. You have a lot of documentation returns. We don't choose up to usually, but I understand that I call the transition to even listening to translate. You are not going to invent on this case. But also the I think we like, Like the return to the return happens. People have a lot of kids, really the only title For humanity is good. You should give it. Thank you, Just of course I was in the meeting. I understand that's fine before. AI, for example, That's really well.
16:39 Sara Stamova: This is like like there is I mean, I'm most people are not doing it but I mean I, for example, just copy some swap messages that we have and just paste them in in the tickets. I don't know why people are. Yes, just have descriptive but some issues. Probably even. Yeah, for documentation, went for this company. We had the perfect of like to say that the team you would always Construct all the discussion that would notes and comments. That's quite good and that it's specially. What if you want an AI? and your presumptionment for the technical implementation and then you Are you ready? It's a lot more work. Usually that know that area system would get too much to relax. The right direction and reveals that other definitely you need a much bigger culture of racing down and try to compact and the next, the process and beneficial for their You can even generated.
18:00 Sara Stamova: See, just generates the action items in the tickets and then locks them for you. You think you since we have multiple meetings, sometimes subject system that really you subject that you? Just you.
19:03 Sara Stamova: We still do them, but for some books, or, for example, we have monitoring and in the monitoring, we get some issues. Most of the themes are relevant, or the relevant. There's some supercomplete, is that? We, it's not capable, but if we hook an agent to just process these issues and it's with peers like there's more of the stuff And that's where his books that usually know developers.
19:35 Sara Stamova: this time, it will check this into this certain point to have some Something there is some ball that integrates with agents, giving them an account, not just like an API to lose and the grief is that. Now, you can assign
19:56 Sara Stamova: the AI drinking just and they can then pass along this for the AI agent, and they will work from It's easier for them both to track what they are doing. Better Say that if you have any issues, because we also know the eyes that we just like and what is great that when you first start, you can just go fetch the case it was working on and that's avoid like human interested in here. So, there's To agent, But you have to run them. There are some integrate into painful. Yeah. There was this course.
20:40 Sara Stamova: some person actually read this book with us agents that right called Themselves. But when they get stuck or have a question, they have with two students. So literally the agent when it books it lets you affect into answer it in your bucket. Polish channel was talking about this someone on what has it was like it was a person. Oh he was like to say his programming from his phones.
21:09 Sara Stamova: They died all that. I just Just see what happens. Yes. I actually do that. I sometimes leave for scoping exercise because they do have to extraction of 50 documents with Chandra and stuff like that and sometimes it asks me questions so I go grab a lunch. For example, my answer for my phone so that's really useful. Basically comments. clothing when their questions for you that are critical, you Because if you get those loops, especially if like, for PRS and status about the loop and just checking the To tell you juice this up, you know, you can do it because I'm using claw. It's really easy. You just need to stop, hold on your phone and you can directly to your accounts to the session that you're right. Okay. But then for customers like integration and it's integration, Also, you can integrate directly the ability of the agent to you a message. But so So, if they really administration based on educate an issue and see the radiation. So, yes, we write a comments in that.
22:45 Sara Stamova: I think you have to also leverage the two. We already have that something like People still sometime ask agent to format or and good days and I think there's no to do that. I so I think you should And smoking for this has to only two. You can go to Netflix before the elements are the official because you, you don't integration of those tools for free. Your bless you shouldn't using admin because you know, further agents for both, there is this functionality like hooks where in a given moment of the agent life cycle, you can cook some Script. Some Deterministic water, for example to it.
23:42 Sara Stamova: And you can hook it on pre-commit. So now, whenever an agent commits, it's automatically That I Want to put it that I want to know you because It's just generates you correct stuff. And it's not some posters, if you Make a guitar like a good. Here to guarantee it was or anything like this. I think you should get before you commit operations committed assignments. Because once you figure,
24:49 Sara Stamova: The entire financial especiability extension. But even for like now, yeah, like that. Which Givens, the background locations. So you are almost Know then, there you need the proper installation of a customer information. Baby, it's done for some discoveries. could this window just Make sure you. Our winning the same bus. So it's like the courageously. But you have
26:37 Sara Stamova: information. No educates is also something, you know,
26:57 Sara Stamova: Just here like we already have what the Q engineer would love. So if you, but this from what we are doing and what I'm seeing in the company, it's not going to be that expensive because we're not training models from scratch and doing what? Computation Center for Just Basic Taste Testing. I think it's not going to be that expensive and involved in time and as well as in resources.
27:35 Sara Stamova: But I depend on the work of the issue. Simulated you uploaded expensively, when you forget to work out profit. Yeah, if you go, I don't know. Yeah. But just I
27:49 Sara Stamova: think 90% of the box if we have a good test coverage, you automatically captured and it's something that is very tricky for agent for those by the way because you change approved. Thank you. The cancer response. Types of this. Yeah, you really need to go for lots of this scenarios, to make sure it didn't agree in some weight. Well, you can also when you have complex system, you can design the application itself to be easy to integrate with testing, you can have in cars. All so mocking a system that allows you to test here or make this easier to buy personal part of the application. So of course. Yes. It's with them. You build an interface that is almost basically, there would be no usage for the application, but that you can replace CD in your testing environment.
28:53 Sara Stamova: So you can you can like I don't know. Something usually used for everybody's authentication. You don't want to have a properly dedicated in the token there so you will add something that when you replace it in your environmental testing the authorization like. Yeah. Okay, but you can do it for even business logic or to enforce some return. I'll use it in a microservice architecture because you want to test service, Okay? You don't want to win the entire infrastructure and yes, something it's quite expensive because that will for each test, you have to almost fake. What would be the response from each of the micro services? But something I think with the eye it's easier and anyways architecture you already use that, you know that's But yeah, you read this thing becomes a big expense on the On bigger projects.
29:53 Sara Stamova: And then you have written them tests. And understand other issues with testing as well. Most of us are generating the best. So it's if you it's better than it's like just doing for the moment, so, I mean, what could go wrong? Okay, same as fast. Now, I have summarize my impacts. most important things that need to happen in terms of us coming or AI
30:42 Sara Stamova: A basement. yeah, but I wanted to say independent So like automate more and more and be there where we need to be for the working decisions. What? Property Actions of Critical Party To be from what we've discussed so far what I think because there's like taking away. There's like the common angle for everybody. I'll go preaching with the race of today with the context is king. So yeah, basically summarizing everything can collecting all the transcripts, all the videos and everything that it's everywhere in one place.
31:25 Sara Stamova: The Kevin everything in one place which in them once we have the data, I think anything else can be integrated even by cold. Yeah. Should be the admin team are trying to do that is preparations team to get all the files into one, right? Which, but this is for the administ of, You're not taking the business meetings, the tech meetings, the things that we're having, because we have every day, we have a lot of meetings. And if we take notes of them or some of the teams, we already have notes, you know, previous weeks, months years. And if we combine that knowledge, I think it will be very much, okay? But what the process of cleaning, some of that, for example, of the things, okay? And at the end of the day, you just need to know what the functionality is, that's developed on going to be developed. You don't need to know all the steps and stages. Yes, the good thing is, the AI models are directly good, that summarizing the data and I think for some repetitive meetings, it's because we don't have Internet context windows we can get. For example.
32:54 Sara Stamova: The sinks they're quite repeatedly. We can go around of all the things meetings, as the closest summarize it, and then use the summarization as a context for this game that we can use in future device. You know what they do for the things for the commercial sink. Because I don't remember everything that during the week. I kind of get her all the information from different pocs and stuff and put the templates in them and just Everything I've done. It's kind of summarized and put into that one.
33:31 Sara Stamova: That way, I don't have to think what I've missed or like right down during the time, I do it because that weights much more laborers to look this. When you do something you want to do the thing itself, not report that you're doing. And then when you have to do the sink, you have to think back and it's so excited. And so what people are integrating for example, Norwich management system so I could see them. Yeah. They all the second grade. Yes, it's something that we can try to interviews and you have something for cold report, please, that is doing our stuff in drug use we can generate love for the repository as well. We can do some kind of that.
34:25 Sara Stamova: second thing type of stuff for the knowledge, and the meetings and everything, and then you can combine everything into one thing you are entities that can resolve our issues that I Also, I'm not sure for the things need to be linked together because if you just extract projects and direct projects, why would you like to link them unless you want to share some information? This is what I think was similar to the, the arrows, in the knowledge transfer. What quotes in Genominated When you have separated different contexts, it's not dark useful. It's better to give everything and then try to extract awesome.
35:24 Sara Stamova: With obsidian. And then, for example, Okay. We managed to both of the themes that were discussing. We managed to get the similar idea. What we think we should do. Yeah, and it's okay basically automating told the notes and all the information from meetings and stuff that we have because a data because you usually we have the whole development pipeline. When the business people have the business meetings, they're taking notes, and they're doing some kind of summarization, and then they're communicating with the tech teams and passing some information to the settings. And then the tech teams are using some kind of agents to generate the boat when they just doesn't have the context from the business meetings, for example, and if we combine all the from the meeting and everything, that's the business site is doing. I'm just hear it through the whole process and very context for the Project for example, or the entire company as well.
36:49 Sara Stamova: So focused more on the Yeah, basically. Unifying the information internally. So not on actually concrete process helping, but more like making sure that people have the right information and the agents have the right information. The way information is the agents But which agents? Over the agents for example when you're developing some kind of you're using a calling agents to generate some kind of feature, maybe it's useful to have the transcripts from the meetings with the client because he's describing that's understandable. According agents. And what other agencies the developer agents so, if we want to talk like into and the agent implementation first, we were using the discussed monument for like alignment after like, Before the implementation starts or more after the product requirements. And and maybe an implementation plan made by an agent, like the planner agents, Then you have the first space of agent iteration. So the implements, the reviewer agent reviews and once there, I feel the human review. So you hope that you have the top quality. So, let's I guess.
38:22 Sara Stamova: I can only important stuff going to the human review there, and you have to iterate based on the bad things automating a lot documentation. And this thing,
38:32 Sara Stamova: which become even more relevant if our agent first because you cannot expect human to. I'd like to, to follow with each line. If you Here you sort of diagram of all those agents operate. No, but that could be something. That'll be like a really good stuff because yeah, I hear most of the stuff we are saying but we'll be really nice to see. Yeah, basically what information is fed to which agents and how they communicate and so for and really so I think there's one week point in this. Yeah even development. That does a software picture part, I think agents, are in general, not that great at making the code reusable and making sure that It is more understandable to humans, let's say, because they don't really care about that. And these kind of things will be interesting to figure out how to Get what what we feel into them and also it's interesting where other people in this. Yes, we're discussing like for the first tries to give it the more smaller issues, like, for example, a book file about specific corner kids. That's usually something you do quite well to the PR and who just review it.
39:55 Sara Stamova: And also maybe to hook it automatically to the monitoring. So when you comes in monitoring an agent is triggered and tries to analyze it to maybe even fix it. And eventually, maybe if the agent doesn't have context or it has a question or it's stuck, it can bring you in stock. Okay, that's a Good start also for the cold repetition. Actually, we are already having a lot of quotes repetition internally across the projects, across the project and say, Think even we have we already have some meetings that we are thinking what different teams are doing during the week and what kind of implementations. But for example, for the SQL agents, there's some duplication of code and everything. And if we index, all the repositories that are active and if some kind of system to agent to see if something is already implemented. And Cold cities, for example, Code, 3, usability, agent, that can tell us what already exists and what can be reused for the certain task.
41:18 Sara Stamova: yeah, I think this this would really like to see the sense that I would like to see it in the moment when you type in your ID. It's a talk, you know, to quote, you just type. I want to implement our keyword extraction and that's the way it tells you. Well, actually everything I say, Oh, this is the function. Yeah, so if you are implement this, then maybe modify this functions.
41:47 Sara Stamova: Instead of implementing, Okay? This is possible to be done, but that's another one. But the number two is I want if possible again also, if you start typing This is also Yeah, actually this is not in the cold base but there is an asana task which Vladimir is working, so maybe you should be talking to you. Yeah, actually with discuss this earlier, right, with this a little bit having cold
42:14 Sara Stamova: mmcc so we're good but it was not performing as well because there's not a lot of documentation or stories. So I for example. Know what kind of capabilities we get, I know. Okay, so that's not the problem we can. I mean, right now there's several agents that can index functions especially in Python, like Python is the easiest. So basically there are two programming languages right now on which you have tons of training data and the agents are really good. That's Python and JavaScript.
42:46 Sara Stamova: So on Python, you have agents are pretty good in the code into functions and documenting each other function. And then we can use this documentation. to essentially feed it as a context to Report the hero to someone else. Yeah, I've got this idea. When we have to implement something like that. While we try to get in Europe like we want to have quarter Positors called understanding and this way, if we do it in another way, will be duplicating, it will be doing it for us, but yeah, when you presented the qualification, which actually was cool to understanding solution, It sounded like we wanted it internally because then we say to violence because that we covered during the development. What about personalization of this? This agents then giving you advice and working which is the way you personally want to work with.
43:47 Sara Stamova: Yeah. Actually the idea of AWS in general was still to get the agents to more or less observed without a team operate and yeah like in the in the classification of EU as risk profile like more or less profiling each of the team members and
44:09 Sara Stamova: versus the giving them personalized feedback not to learn. But second to also suggest who should do what task and who should be talking to comment things? These two network testing because that's absolutely the same. You take this personality test and then it gives you suggestion how to talk to Bobby that say or steal them based on their personality profile, Think. in general, I think the future is Personalization instead of oh no what is it? A Japanese? Yeah.
44:51 Sara Stamova: It's only one and how so because the knowledge itself I think needs to be globalized, but then they interpretation of the knowledge came person. Yeah, I'm just here. One actionable point here. Can we by the way? Like this? Because I yeah, I'm also don't do it. But here now, one of the other. So, so not better and then yeah, because for me, that's critical. The like you always give it. I want to implement it to integrate. That what Alex did we have a code review agent? and I want to have the knowledge of the code review and the pull request of order to some kind of what database On this database, we have another application where, for example, which of course we have a profile and that way we can monitor really easy. What is happening in the company? What we are open water review and then we can like talk, it's just mark. Okay, if you do that or because now we build pockets. It's really hard to to see it like really And time is not about. And then, What do you, I need to go through to each airport. For example, they are like draft beards. They're like released prs and stuff like that. I don't like you can see all the peers that are opening all the represent organization. Yeah. But Yeah. But then you can click the one by watch. Yeah, actually. It's but you cannot market them as regret and But it's it's an alternative I was thinking about that. Just mark them as approved.
46:27 Sara Stamova: We should start by making them draft hands. Just filter, right? Just changing. Maybe the name of the yeah, I can try with it. Like, you see it can of water, but yeah, I was I think it has enough functionality if necessary can also into the name, but right now when you list all the priests, you can see which are approved. Like, you don't need to go to the airport, that's all You sensible actually possible. You can see the ML board has also. Yeah, like that. Yeah. Agent indicates reviewed, and it looks like that.
47:14 Sara Stamova: But yeah, I mean I still want to hear more about out of the box solutions that are not eating the current process like because I honestly think that next year we're not here the same software development process as we have today. Yeah we're not going to lose prints and planning and things like that thing. That way I am seeing the research articles on that and they show really interesting results.
47:43 Sara Stamova: And the interesting thing is that it's not that AI is replacing the human section. Humans are learning the world faster, how to operate in this environment, and they report that they feel more comfortable because they see themselves more knowledgeable. So kind of an AI agent that makes everybody says architects and developer and QA something like that. And I I necessarily like right now More. So it's I think the more direction is brought that you place every single for sure with the AI page you just replace the part of the function. That's not necessarily requiring.
48:35 Sara Stamova: A serious thinking in that way. For example, you can figure out how to implement the So if you explain to an agent to write the code for it, like the writing part of the code is not that interesting in that sense. If you imagine how you can architect it, you get also do that. But one of the area that people realize that the agents can hear, but they're here is the communication in that. You hear a team of four, five six people, but people very rarely have optimal.
49:12 Sara Stamova: Communication between time and you've communicate very well with better, but you don't communicate that well with my team or with someone else. So having the agents actually facilitating this communication. So yeah. Okay, so we need to talk to Martin, Let's see. And you say Station Oh I don't know how but that's not what and then you know he's nice guy. Tell you this end up. I mean it sounds funny but actually in this environment because they get to know that person on the other side, they're able to to do some interesting. Maybe they tested with people that are some issues with communication but I don't know. Yes, you
50:04 Irina Ahamad: Yes. So I'll be doing my graduation internship in September and I have to submit a project proposal engine. So I was still thinking about what should I do this
50:20 Irina Ahamad: about? And one idea was automating like degradation degradation checking and reasoning in the extractor, but what better said about No. Actually, they don't understand it quite well. So, but it sounds interesting like having a unified dashboard of The pull requests and who is working on them. And maybe connected with the the notes from the daily things that would be interesting.
50:54 Sara Stamova: and the problem is that since already implemented in this buckets,
50:58 Irina Ahamad: Okay.
51:00 Sara Stamova: So, you No, actually, I I was thinking about that direction because I feel that I do. So what I was thinking and they like, also, he opened with idea is that we can build kilos pig. Oh, it's all the agents out with building in the instructional and then just you follow that context and much faster. That's a very good action item for all the teams. Yeah. And if we put also on the meeting notes in the in the context, then we can achieve much more faster development. I think that was no, I mean, I see that the one but I'm Yeah, I don't know how I really like to draw this. Some of the support. Yeah. I think it's I think it's quite simple or what I imagine because we have already standalone components and Everyone has that some extent but so, and that's important part, like globalizing the knowledge in the company, makes sense. So taking the information from the client, from the meetings in between the different people in the team
52:19 Sara Stamova: transcrib.
  